Come back in this video I would like to add a little menu bar to our application because so far we don't
have one.
And in order to add one you can simply press on type here and just going to call this menu.
And then you see it pops up where you can add some more content So for example I could say do something
like save file.
And there we are.
So now we have this safe file button you could add another possibility here a separator and so forth.
But I'm just going to keep it with the save file for now.
And if you want to know more about it you can check out what it has in terms of actions here checkable
and able and so forth.
And if you want to know what we can do with this object so I'm going to say action file action say file.
That's exactly how it's called.
Actually let me rename it action save file.
I'm going to call this one action save.
So let's rename it to action save like this.
And then you can see the signals that it has.
It has a signal triggered it has the signal changed destroyed so it doesn't have this clicked kind of
thing as the button has but it has this triggered event and that's the one that we are going to use.
So let me get rid of that again.
I just use that in order to show you what the signal is that you can use.
So I'm going to save this window maybe we'll know why I'm going to rerun my built and now let me go
to Maine and just run this real quick and you can see now I have this menu here where I can press a
file of course nothing happens.
But as you can see it's super easy to add this menu to your UI.
And now let me actually add functionality to it and it's super easy to do so we can just say you my
thoughts actions save.
And then we just say triggered it.
So that was the event that we were talking about.
Right.
Triggered connect and here connected to self on safe.
And here again not the call but the actual function name.
Ok now I'm saving it.
And let me run this application again.
Now let me make a change.
This one will be.
Heidi Miller.
And now let me go and save the file.
Let me rerun it and there we are Heidi there.
OK.
Now you can see this ugly text that we get here which is showing me that there is a special character
and that was the thing that I was talking about.
Well with this encoding UTF I do that while I save it but I don't do that when I read the file.
So let me go to read C S V file and add this in here as well.
So the encoding there as well.
Now let me say it again and run it and it's still well and this problem is at that point that it's stored
like this.
So let me start milah once again just to show you me save the file and run it again.
And as you can see now it works.
So now Millo is displayed correctly.
OK.
So you now you see how superpowerful cute creator and PI cube is and how easy it makes our life when
it comes to creating UI and making them intractable.